## HurPsyExp
This is the main application project.
It is where I develop the proposed interfaces
to design and run computerized psychology experiments.

The code files of the design window and its viewmodels
are in the project folder **ExpDesign**.
The code for windows and viewmodels which help
run experiments are in **ExpRun**.

The explanatory comments in the code files of
all those classes are collected in markdown files
generated by  the NuGet package
[**DefaultDocumentation**](https://www.nuget.org/packages/DefaultDocumentation/).
They can be accessed by clicking the links
in the main project's documentation file
[HurPsyExp.md](Documentation/HurPsyExp.md)

I started this project as a WPF desktop application project,
just because I was better at designing interfaces with WPF.
This starting project, if tried and analyzed by its targeted
user base, will hopefully be the basis of a user-friendly
cross-platform application which will help researchers
to design their own computerized experiments
without writing code. In cases a planned experiment
cannot be designed on this interface, the researchers
can still make use of the classes and components
to easily write the code for their specialized experiments.


It is true that a PC is not the best device 
to run precisely controlled experiments
with accurate response measurements.
Nor do I imagine that this will ever be possible
on the operating system and the framework
where I started developing this project.
My main goal was, and will continue to be,
design an easy-to-use interface.
Such an interface may still help the researchers
who has access to sophisticated devices 
specifically designed to run controlled experiments
while taking accurate measurements.
I did not have access to such devices,
and I have not drawn inspiration from any software
such dedicated devices may use.
My inspiration was solely based on the experience
I acquired while writing programs for researchers
of experimental psychology and
the feedback they gave me.

